human anatomy dot net presents
anatomical positions nomenclature
anatomical was in 1895 in basel switzerland
when an international commission
he formulated the anatomical payroll this payroll
eliminated many eponyms by understanding
as the name of the person who had
first described a structure was
until 1928 when a committee was appointed
the anatomy society of britain
and Ireland whose goal was the review
of the existing anatomical payroll the
new adaptation was accepted by the
Review of Birmingham without acceptance
of the German anatomists in 1960 in
the city ​​of new york was agreed the
first international nomenclature the
which is the current one to date
anatomical position all
anatomical descriptions are found
in relation to what is known as
anatomical position and this is defined as
one that is adopted while standing
direct with the head eyes and feet together
directed forward and members
superiors with their directed palms
forward with this we can
describe four anatomical planes that
they are median sagittal coronal and horizontal
medium is a vertical plane
longitudinal to the body that goes from the
face anterior to the posterior sagittal
vertical plane parallel to the median
divides the body into two halves right
and left coronal or frontal flat
vertical that passes perpendicular to the plane
median divides the body into anterior and
later
horizontal or transverse is a plane
perpendicular to both the median plane and
to the coronal that divides the body into
upper and lower once defined
the different anatomical planes we
we will focus on the terms of relationship
which are previous is used
when the structure is located by
front in the body or that is
approximate the ventral side of the body
for your better understanding
we will mention some examples the
crural quadriceps is in the face
anterior of the thigh or the umbilicus
found on the front of the
posterior abdomen is used when the
structure is located behind in the
body or it approaches the face
dorsal upper body term
used when a structure is
near the head for example the
heart is superior to the diaphragm
lower this term is used when
we refer to a structure that
near the feet for example the
kidneys are located lower than
diaphragm
internal or medial is used when a
structure approaches the middle line
external or lateral is used when a
structure moves away from the middle line
for example the first finger of the hand is
external to the median plane of the body
combined terms are often combined
the terms to indicate a
certain orientation now
we will define the following terms
used in comparative anatomy in relation
to two proximal structures whose origin
Latin means next term
used to assign something that is
approximate the trunk or a place of
origin for example the shoulder is next
to the distal elbow term used to
describe objects that move away from
trunk
for example the elbow is distal
on the shoulder
superficial means next to the
surface here we have that the skin is
superficial to the subcutaneous cellular tissue
deep term designed to describe
something that is far from the
surface
for example the subcutaneous cellular tissue
is deep to the skin
ipsilateral means the same side of the
contralateral body means side
contrary to the body
thank you for your attention for more
information visit our website www
human anatomy dot net